A big part of staying safe and
keeing your information private
online is rotecting your
information, your accounts, and
your computer by using strong
passwords.
A strong password is like a
strong lock for your home.
You want a lock that's hard to
break, and you don't want anyone
else finding the key to your
lock.
Here's some tips for creating a
strong password.
Use a combination of letters,
numbers and symbols in your
password.
Using a combination of uercase
and lowercase letters and
characters and adding numbers
can improve the strength of your
password.
Avoid using common words in your
password.
This includes common words and
phrases like password or website
as well as personal keywords
that might be easily guessed
like your birthday, your name or
your hometown.
Hackers can easily guess or
research these phrases in your
password.
OA unique combination of
characters and numbers creates a
stronger password examle.
Let's say I wanted to use the
word Penguin as my password.
That's way too common a word O1
trick is to think of ways to
obscure the word you want to
use, but still make sure you can
remember it when it's time to
enter your password.
Let's say that the year 1972 is
personally important to me, but
it's not an obvious year like my
birth year that could be easily
guessed by others.
Oi might come U with a password
like this where I place Penguin
between the digits of the year
and caitalize two of its letters
and then I add a symbol at the
end to make it that much more
difficult to guess.
This is much safer than just
using the word Penguin by itself
and it's a password I can
remember without writing down.
You can come U with your own
strategy for creating passwords
with the method similar to this.
Now with that said, don't use
the same password for multile
sites.
Instead, use different asswords
for different accounts, because
if someone guesses your e-mail
password, your safety and
privacy may be in trouble.
If you use the same password for
your bank account, be sure to
use different passwords for each
online account you have, and
your password is only for you.
When you share it with others,
even friends and family, it's
more likely that someone else
will use it or won't.
Kee it safe Kee your passwords
to yourself when you log into
accounts.
Make sure you log out when
you're done and don't save your
login information on a public
computer.
And as a general rule, you
should avoid doing personal
business on public computers an
public networks as this makes it
easier for hackers to access
your information.
Remember using strong passwords
an keeping them secure is
important for your online safety
and privacy.
Keep these tips in mind when you
create a new password.